Terms Of Services
By accessing this Website, accessible from https://tashanwin.digital/, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site. The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trademark law.

2. Use a License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on the Tashan Win Game App’s Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:

modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display;
attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on Tashan Win Game App’s Website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transferring the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This will let Tashan Win Game App terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions. Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format.

3. Disclaimer
All the materials on Tashan Win Game App’s Website are provided “as is”. Tashan Win Game App makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, and therefore negates all other warranties. Furthermore, Tashan Win Game App does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.

4. Limitations
Tashan Win Game App or its suppliers will not be held accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on Tashan Win Game App’s Website, even if Tashan Win Game App or an authorized representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Tashan Win Game App’s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Tashan Win Game App will not promise that any of the materials on this Website are accurate, complete, or current. Tashan Win Game App may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice. Tashan Win Game App does not make any commitment to update the materials.

6. Links
Tashan Win Game App has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by the Tashan Win Game App of the site. The use of any linked website is at the user’s own risk.

7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Tashan Win Game App may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

8. Your Privacy
Please read our Privacy Policy.

9. Governing Law
Any claim related to Tashan Win Game App’s Website shall be governed by the laws of in without regard to its conflict of law provisions.